[Kregg] This is the third act of sabotage
by the Relonian natives this week.
I urge you to reconsider.
- Do you?
- [Thragg] The traitor
has fled. but he will be found
and pay the price for his treason.
[Thaedus] Since the assassination
of Emperor Argall.
they have known no leader but Thragg.
[Mark] They knew we were coming.
[Thragg] This is our home.
[Nolan] No. This place is a tomb.
[Thaedus] Viltrumites!
Surrender!
[Thragg] I choose death!
- [groaning]
- [Thragg] We are too few already.
You're alive.
Oliver.
[Nolan] He'll be okay.
They mostly want me
to deal with one small problem.
[Mark] The remaining Viltrumites.
They've gone to Earth.
[haunting music playing]
[hissing]
[woman vocalizing]
[boom in distance]
♪ ♪
[glass shattering]
[car alarm wailing]
♪ ♪
- [Nolan] Mark?
- [shuddering]
What?
You need to stop worrying and sleep.
- I don't need to--
- There's nothing we can do
until we get home.
And we're still days away.
We're not even sure Thragg's there.
And where else would he be?
I don't know.
[sighs]
Exactly.
[Zoe] Uh. one question.
What exactly is the plan
if the Viltrumites are on Earth?
Ah.
I see.
Great.
[somber music playing]
[Allen] I look dumb.
You looked dumb before.
Now. you look regal.
Still a little dumb. though.
Hey. this is really serious.
I got big shoes to fill.
Even if Thaedus. you know. wore
those weird slipper things and not shoes.
You'll be fine.
It's just overseeing the defense
of a few hundred planets.
myriad civilizations.
and trillions of lives.
Decisions that affect the entire galaxy
and everyone in it.
And what if. hypothetically. someone found
that level of responsibility.
uh. you know. uncomfortable
and-and maybe misplaced?
Like. drastically misplaced.
Thaedus wouldn't have chosen you as
his successor if he didn't believe in you.
And I wouldn't have let you accept
if I didn't believe in you.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
Everyone's waiting for your inauguration.
You memorized your speech. right?
Uh... speech?
- [beeps]
- [Zoe] You helped save the galaxy
from total annihilation.
Here's breakfast from a tube.
Yay.
[gulps]
So. I've been thinking.
If we do have to fight a bunch
of Viltrumites when we get home.
I figure we can use my space station
as a base of operations.
It won't be easy and we'll probably die.
but we could search for them from orbit
and then try to take them out one by one.
I guess what I'm saying is.
if it gets real.
I'm ready for anything.
Or. you know--
and just spitballing here--
we could let them have Earth.
I mean. who really liked
that place anyway?
Kind of a shithole. am I right?
You guys are the best.
- [P.A. chimes]
- [captain] Attention. everyone.
We're entering Earth's solar system.
[sighs] Finally.
Oh. so you were listening.
[Mark and Nolan] What?
[captain] We're decelerating
and preparing to orbit your--
[Mark] How long?
To Earth?
Approximately ten minutes.
Okay. here's the plan.
The ship will stop behind the Moon
and we'll drop down to Earth
as quietly as we can.
If Thragg and his people are there.
we'll send the ship back to Talescria.
then organize a resistance
- and wait for reinfor--
- [door opens forcefully]
[tense music playing]
[grunts]
♪ ♪
That's not exactly dropping in quietly.
They're not here.
- They're not here.
- Good.
That's good.
[Zoe] I mean. they're not here now.
[Debbie] Oh. my God. [sniffles]
I thought...
- I thought...
- I'm okay.
It's okay.
- Where's Oliver?
- [sighs]
We had to leave before he woke up.
What do you mean. before he woke up?
He got hurt. But he's in good hands.
They're taking care of him.
Who's taking care of him?
[Mark] He's gonna be fine.
But we were worried that...
- [tense music playing]
- [choking]
This is the smallest repayment
for what you did to us.
♪ ♪
[heart beating rapidly]
- [Debbie] Mark.
- [shudders]
Um...
We were...
we were worried the Viltrumites
might have come here. so...
we couldn't wait for him.
What happened out there?
Mom. I'll tell you everything. I promise.
But... I need to see Eve first.
Dad's outside.
He's going back to Talescria
to be with Oliver tomorrow. so...
if there's anything
you want to say to him...
[footsteps receding]
[wind whistling softly]
[Debbie] What were you thinking?
You let Oliver get hurt?
Then left him on some alien planet alone?
He's not alone.
We have friends there.
He's getting the best possible care.
And didn't I tell you
to never come back here again?
I'm... [sighs]
I'm trying. Debbie.
Yes. you are.
You are very fucking trying right now.
[Nolan] Oliver was so brave.
Mark...
Mark would have made you proud.
Both of them gave everything to save the
lives of people they'll never even meet.
Once we're done setting up a warning
system to make sure Earth is safe.
I'm heading back to be with Oliver
until he's better.
Debbie. it broke my heart to see him hurt.
You need to have a heart
to have it broken.
- [gasps]
- Stop.
Stop...
treating me like you don't know me.
Please.
Get out of my way.
You need to give me a chance
to make things right.
I don't need to do anything for you.
I know.
But you will.
- How dare you?
- You believe
in rehabilitation.
In second chances.
I didn't understand it before.
but I always loved
how strongly you fought for it.
You thought you knew me.
And you did. even if I was hiding
part of myself from you.
But everything's changed since then.
Please let me show you who I am now.
[somber music playing]
I don't know where you're sleeping.
But it's not here.
[door slides open]
[door slides shut]
[Ed snoring]
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
[both scream]
[panting]
Zoe!
- Oh!
- [grunts]
[chuckling]
Hi... Dad.
- [grunting]
- Oh. my God.
I missed you so much.
Look at you. You're...
you're so...
alive! [laughs]
I missed you. too. [chuckles]
And you're so...
uh...
this.
Um.
did the. uh...
shower break up here or something?
Wait. it absolutely... did.
This Geldarian stuff. I tell you.
it is not reliable.
Not reliable at all.
The washing machine broke. too.
Wait. is the war over?!
Did we win? What happened?
I wish I knew.
[insects trilling]
[knocking]
[Mark] Eve.
Are you home?
- Eve?
- [gasps]
Mark!
Eve.
I thought...
It was so long.
- I thought...
- Hey.
Don't you know I'm--
[gentle music playing]
[Eve and Mark moaning softly]
[Eve] And then my powers came back.
[Mark] They just came back?
[Eve] Yeah.
But I'm still nervous about them.
so I've been focusing on my classes
and taking some upper-level courses.
Then my dad threw his back out at work.
so I stayed here to help him
and my mom around the house.
I put Invincible Inc. on hold
once you left.
And maybe you noticed...
but not using my powers.
living here. eating with my parents.
I haven't...
had the time
to take care of myself much. so...
[sighs]
All I noticed was how much I missed you.
I missed you. too.
[somber music playing]
Eve...
Yeah?
I'm. um...
I'm not sure I'm okay.
What do you mean?
The Viltrumites--
they're just out there somewhere.
We destroyed their home.
They're not gonna let that go.
But you said
there's not that many of them. right?
With the Guardians and Cecil
and everyone else. would...
If they decide to come here...
...it won't make a difference.
Nothing we do would make
- any difference at all.
- [insects trilling]
[beeping. chiming]
[Daphne] Power is stable.
String oscillators are tuned.
Quantum components are in superposition.
[sighs] We're ready.
Eye protection. please.
Five. four. three.
two. one.
[inspiring music playing]
Cecil. It worked!
[growling]
[tense music playing]
Jesus!
[screeching]
- [grunts]
- Oh. no!
Oh. no!
- [creature roars]
- [Sinclair screaming]
- Sinclair!
- Help!
[shattering sounds]
[Cecil] Donald. shut it down!
[screeching]
- [shuddering]
- [gunfire continues]
[panting]
- [creature screeching]
- [gunfire continues]
[pants]
- [Sinclair shouts]
- Donald!
[shattering sounds]
Oh. no!
- [yelling]
- [screeches]
- [Sinclair screams]
- [pants]
Help!
[screaming]
[screech]
[groans]
[Sinclair groans. pants]
I told you.
Trans-dimensional physics
is not my area of expertise.
You don't say.
That's the second fuckup
we've had this month.
We're trying our best!
And I'm calling off the search.
It's too dangerous.
Robot and Monster Girl will have
to find their own way home.
Clean this shit up.
Sir.
[delegate] They have to be somewhere.
[representative] Agreed.
- [representative 2] This is ridiculous.
- [representative 3] It's a simple task.
[representative 4] We must finish the job!
Why are there no reports?
They're planning revenge
while we do nothing!
A cornered Viltrumite is
an even more dangerous Viltrumite.
- You need to show them you're in charge.
- [representative] This cannot stand.
- Uh. everyone...
- [representative 2] We have the advantage.
- we must use it!
- [clears throat] Order.
- Please! Uh...
- [representative 3] Do something
- or we will.
- Order!
How could the Viltrumites disappear?
And what are you doing to locate them?
We have multiple teams.
and they are. uh. currently searching
- all possible sectors--
- Then why haven't we found them?
I'm glad you asked. Thank you.
That is because. you know.
there's less than 40 Viltrumites left.
And space. I think we all know.
it's very big.
While I am concerned. too. it--
this is just gonna take some time.
you know?
Do something.
- This is ridiculous.
- [overlapping protesting]
We do not appreciate your flippantness.
Well. I don't appreciate
your angry. uh. ness.
Or your blameyness.
Any number of Viltrumites is too many.
and none of our worlds will be safe
until the entire race is made extinct.
Forever.
Okay. Hold on.
Thaedus was a Viltrumite.
and he led this council for decades.
Thaedus was a Viltrumite in name only.
- Agreed.
- We must finish the job.
Well. what about. you know. Nolan?
We wouldn't have won the war without him.
Mark and Oliver. too.
They saved our lives.
Thaedus trusted Nolan and his sons.
So do I.
Did Thaedus trust them?
Or was he simply using them
as a weapon against their own people?
Hold on.
Why do you equivocate?
I...
- Uh...
- You're not.
I'm not!
Now. more than ever.
we need strong leadership.
Or have you already forgotten what
the Viltrumites did to your own people?
[somber music playing]
As much as I love discussing genocide
with all of you.
we will find the Viltrumites.
no matter where they are hiding.
And when that happens.
I will decide what we do next.
Meeting over.
Or adjourned or whatever.
[soft chatter]
You blew up their entire planet?
Isn't that kinda... extreme?
We didn't have much of a choice.
[William] Hmm.
Right. Right.
But where are they gonna go now
if they don't have a home?
That's the problem.
We don't-- [gasps]
- [tense music playing]
- [shuddering]
[groaning]
[shuddering]
[heart beating rapidly]
[William] Mark?
- [groans]
- Mark?
- [breathing heavily]
- [Eve] Hey.
We're here. It's okay.
Come on. let's go sit down for a minute.
Yeah.
Oh. man.
He's still processing
whatever happened to him out there.
[William] How can you tell?
[Rick] Because I've seen
that look before.
Where?
The mirror.
[Debbie] They just left Oliver there.
Alone.
In some alien hospital on
some other planet light-years from here.
I-I-I understand they were concerned
about Earth. but. still...
I'm sure he'll be fine.
Every time Mark was hurt.
I was there for him.
That's what parents do.
Then why don't you go see Oliver?
I just said-- he's on some alien world
a billion miles from here.
That kind of thing's
never stopped you before.
What are you talking about?
Superheroes. Villains. Spaceships.
Other planets. I mean...
[exhales sharply] ...all that stuff
is your world.
whether you think it is or not.
It's probably also another reason
why things between us didn't work out.
Paul.
No. it's o-- it's okay. Uh...
I'm just glad we're still friends.
But you. you're-you're different. Debbie.
You're as much a part
of these alien space wars
and superhero showdowns
as Mark or Oliver are.
You just don't see it.
You feeling any better?
[sighs] A little.
Believe it or not. today's
the most I've flown since you left.
I missed it.
[Mark] I'm just glad
your powers are working again.
Mark...
What?
I know what happened with my powers.
What do you mean?
They weren't working
because my body
was going through some changes.
Like what?
There's something I need to tell you.
Eve. you can tell me anything.
- [yells]
- [gasps]
- [grunting]
- [tense music playing]
[Mark shuddering]
[muffled yelling]
Did you not imagine
there would be consequences
for everyone you love?
[gasps]
- [whimpers]
- [Eve yelling]
- [Mark whimpers]
- [grunting]
No. [groaning]
[high-pitched ringing]
[gasping]
[stammers]
- [heart beating rapidly]
- [whimpering]
[Eve] Mark?
[sighs. groans]
It's. uh... it's okay.
Are you sure?
What were you. uh...
what were you gonna say?
[somber music playing]
[quietly] Mark. I...
Fuck. Fuck.
Oh. fuck. [sighs]
[sniffling]
[crying softly]
[breathing heavily]
I had an abortion.
What?
I was pregnant. Mark.
And I found out just before you left.
♪ ♪
- I don't--
- Please. Let me...
I-I need to say it all first. okay?
[gasps softly]
I didn't... I-I didn't tell you
because I wanted you thinking about
coming home alive. not this.
And when you were gone...
I was so alone.
And the thought of going through
everything by myself. I...
I made a decision.
But I shouldn't...
I don't know. Oh. my God.
[panting]
[Eve sniffles]
Eve...
[Eve crying softly]
I'm sorry I did this to you.
I should have been here.
- [Eve crying]
- I love you.
[somber music playing]
[Nolan] Why did you make me do this?
You're fighting so you can watch
everyone around you die!
...everything you know will be gone.
Think. Mark.
You'll outlast every fragile.
insignificant being on this planet.
What will you have after 500 years?
[energy pulses]
[Cecil] Think it's a good idea.
coming back here again?
Earth?
Or this specific spot?
Take your pick.
[suspenseful music playing]
Come on. Nolan.
That's close enough.
[sighs] You don't have to be afraid.
I will never not be afraid of you.
If it means anything...
I'm sorry for all the suffering
I caused here.
Earth?
Or this specific spot?
Yeah. It means something.
I'm not sure it means enough.
but it means something.
I assume. since you're back.
you all won the war?
I don't need to worry about your old
Viltrumite pals dropping by unannounced?
We won the war.
but there are still almost 40 of them
in hiding somewhere.
I'm sorry. you call that winning?
Because you know what I call it?
Forty very pissed off space super-nazis
who are gonna be hungry for revenge
and know that Earth just happens to be
where you and Mark keep your loved ones.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Great job out there.
Our ship is installing
an early warning system
to let the Coalition of Planets know
if a Viltrumite cruiser
enters your solar system.
And how long would it take the cavalry
to get here if one did?
Two weeks.
Oh. this just gets
better and better. doesn't it?
I can stay.
Help protect Earth in case they come.
Make up for my mistakes.
Earth isn't your therapy couch. Nolan.
But if those assholes do show up.
you'd better come running
with that Coalition army of yours
and you'd better get here
a hell of a lot quicker than two weeks.
Am I clear about that?
Yeah.
Good.
Until then. get the fuck off my planet.
I risked my life out there
trying to win this war.
I almost died.
[Cecil] Great start.
Nearly die 2.341 more times.
and then we can talk.
♪ ♪
[gasps]
Hey.
- How are you doing?
- [Mark chuckles]
I should be asking you that.
- Mark...
- No.
No. Don't...
Don't try to make me feel okay about this.
I got you pregnant. and then
I wasn't here for you. and you had to...
You had... [sighs]
I got through it. It's okay.
It's not fucking okay.
I-I wasn't here.
I was just...
making things worse out there.
[atmospheric music playing]
We didn't beat them. Eve.
All we did was give them nothing to lose.
I-It's. it's like there's this...
bomb that's gonna go off somewhere
a-and kill so many people.
and there's nothing I can do about it
because I'm the reason it's there.
We don't know that.
And even if they never come here.
if they never come to Earth.
once we find them.
I'm gonna have to go back out there
and fight them again. a-and not be here.
Not...
be here.
Oh. God.
I-I can't do this to you.
[crying softly]
It's not fair.
- Mark...
- No.
Eve. this isn't going away.
Mark. stop.
I know what could happen to you.
or me or anyone else.
I've lost people.
People I loved more than anything.
This is my choice. Mark.
I know the risks.
and I know. at some point.
it's gonna hurt worse
than I've ever been hurt before.
But not being here. not trying.
not taking those risks with you?
That's not how I want to live.
You just need to make the same choice.
And then we can do this together.
Even if sometimes we're apart.
Hey. you know what?
Maybe it'll be me off in space
for ten months next time.
Yeah.
[sniffles] Okay.
[Nolan] Mark?
Hello. Eve.
Mr. Grayson.
Just Nolan. please.
Mark. the ship's almost done
installing the sensor network.
After that. I'm heading back to Talescria
to check on Oliver
and continue the search for...
[dramatic music playing]
I-I'm sorry. Debbie. I was just leaving.
Good.
- Because you're taking me with you.
- [Mark] Huh?
What kind of parent would I be
if I wasn't there for Oliver?
W-What about. um... Paul?
Not that it's any of your business.
but we ended it months ago.
He's a good man
and I care for him very much.
but our lives were too different.
Speaking of Paul. he's offered to help.
so call him if there's any problems
with the house.
I-I don't know how long I'll be gone.
so all the bills are on autopay.
I love you both very much.
Stay safe until I'm back.
Are you sure about this?
[Debbie] You think I'm the only one of us
who can't go to another planet?
No. I mean...
I would do it for you.
Oliver's no different.
I'll see you soon.
I'm ready.
Call the ship or the shuttle or whatever.
The ship can't land.
It can come down
into our atmosphere. but...
I'll have to. uh...
Fine.
Tell Oliver I miss him?
If you need to get in contact with us.
Cecil can send a message
through the warning system.
Otherwise.
I'll let you know when we find Thragg.
[exhales]
What just happened?
[doorbell rings]
Welcome home. Mark.
[captain] The long-range
monitoring sensors are calibrated
and ready to be activated.
Turn them on.
Then plot us a course back to Talescria
- and let's get going.
- Sir.
[Nolan] We're about to leave orbit.
The. uh...
the view through the main screen is...
really spectacular.
if you'd like to see it.
Fine.
Oh.
[majestic music playing]
[Cecil] I can't say
I'm happy about this. Mark.
Me. neither.
Seems like you and your dad
just kicked the hornet's nest
without getting rid of all the bugs.
Yeah. I know.
[sighs]
Would you consider doing
a debrief with Donald.
so at least we know
what might be coming our way?
Of course.
Hey.
We'll figure it out. kid.
The whole world
will get behind us on this--
- [wet crunch]
- [shouts]
[straining]
[sinister music playing]
[Thragg] There's nothing he
or anyone else can do to stop us.
[gasps softly]
[panting]
[heart beating rapidly]
Whoa. hey. hey. Mark.
- Donald.
- [grunts]
It's. uh... Um...
Just hold on.
You know. uh...
you know how. a long time ago.
you said you had people I could talk to?
- Professionals?
- Yeah?
[grunts]
[exhaling]
[sighs] Of course.
We'll take care of it.
We can do the debrief in a few days.
Donald?
Why don't you give Mark a lift home?
[birds chirping]
[atmospheric music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
- Hey.
Just been sitting here?
I've lived in this house my entire life.
It's never been this quiet.
[Eve] Hmm.
I bet that feels strange.
You should go out for a flight.
No destination.
not looking for trouble. just a flight.
- It'll help.
- [exhales]
I don't want to.
That's exactly why you should.
[♪ Death Cab for Cutie plays
"Fragments From the Decade"]
♪ Fragments from the decade ♪
♪ are splayed out on your floor ♪
♪ Like hundreds ♪
♪ of locked doors ♪
♪ There's a story that you're trying ♪
♪ to find ♪
♪ But the pieces don't fit together ♪
♪ in your mind ♪
♪ Your mother was a drunkard ♪
♪ Your father was not a saint ♪
♪ Your sister lacked restraint ♪
♪ And in photos.
you were always staring ♪
♪ through the lens ♪
♪ To some distant place ♪
♪ you would rather have been ♪
♪ Days are lonely and long ♪
♪ Walking in place ♪
♪ where you don't belong ♪
[gasps]
[sinister music playing]
[panting]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
[woman screams]
[disorienting music playing]
[panting]
Yes.
We are here.
[shouts]
[wind whooshing]
- [strains]
- Stop.
I've done nothing to your planet.
Yet.
But if you continue to be irrational...
What do you want?
♪ ♪
I was made Grand Regent of Viltrum
to lead our people from darkness
and ensure the future of our race.
It has not been easy.
There are 37 of us left.
Barely a whisper of who we once were.
But still more than enough
to tear this planet in half.
It would be fair repayment
for the many offenses you have given us.
You took our home.
so our home is now here.
Let me explain your future to you.
[sinister music playing]
We will live among you.
Wear your clothes.
Walk your streets.
We will disappear within your society.
- [wolf whistle]
- Your people
will never know
we are here.
But they will save us.
nonetheless. as we use them
to birth our salvation.
Any attempt to find us.
to remove us. to thwart us.
by you or the Coalition of Planets.
will result in the death
of billions and a...
less pleasant form of life
for the survivors.
Either way.
we will rebuild our race.
Your very existence
proves this is possible.
In return. I offer a truce.
We will not influence. affect. aid
or endanger Earth in any way.
as long as we are undisturbed.
You do not have a choice.
And yet. you must still make one.
Do you and your planet accept my terms?
Or do you choose annihilation
for both our people?
If you think I'll let you live here.
let you use us to breed.
let you get stronger
on my planet
after everything you've done...
[heart beating rapidly]
[grunting softly]
No.
Never.
[gasps softly]
My answer...
My answer is...
[people screaming]
[birds chirping]
[somber music playing]
My answer is...
...yes.
I accept your terms.
♪ ♪
The universe is strange.
In a way. you have become our savior.
willing or not.
[exhales]
What have I done?
You have saved the lives
of every living thing on this planet.
[exhales]
You will not hear from me again.
[Mark inhales shakily]
- [device beeps]
- [Allen sighs]
[soft click]
You have got to be fucking kidding me.
Another agreement
on interplanetary munitions labeling?
What? [sighs]
Maybe Thaedus let Thragg
kill him on purpose.
[Telia] Great Allen.
One. I'm definitely not great.
And two. it is not that crazy an idea.
Have you seen the amount of paperwork
they expect me to do now?
Oh. I'm sorry.
is running the Coalition of Planets
too much for the mighty Allen?
Kinda. yeah.
Are you sure you don't want the job?
I already have a job.
Trade you?
You'd hate my job. too.
What's this?
[Telia] A message from beyond the grave.
Thaedus left it for you.
in case of his...
Yeah. Hmm.
[inhales sharply] Thanks.
You don't want to know what it says?
That would be improper and illegal.
It's encrypted for your eye only.
Besides.
I'll just sex it out of you later.
[scoffs] Sex it out of me later.
I'd like to see that.
I mean. I actually would
very much like to see that.
[atmospheric music playing]
[Thaedus over recording] Allen.
I am dead. and if you are not.
you have taken my position
as head of the Coalition of Planets.
It is well-earned.
and I know you will live up
to the responsibility
I have cursed you with.
I believe with every fiber of my being
that the universe will never be safe
until all Viltrumite life is ended.
I can only assume. since I am gone.
we have not achieved that goal.
I have hidden
a terrible weapon of last resort.
A perfected version of what almost
extinguished their empire
so long ago.
It is inexorable death
for any and all Viltrumites.
I only hesitated to use it
because it may also strike down
those with similar genetics.
Mark's people. for instance.
Nolan knows of the weapon's existence.
but he does not and cannot know this.
Allen. for the good of all living beings.
use the Scourge virus
to finish what I started
and let nothing stop you.
No matter the cost.
every last Viltrumite must die.
[exciting music playing]